refactor(popup): migrate to fast element (#206)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/popup/README.md

```

## Arrow
Use the `strategy` attribute to add small triangle to indicate the trigger element.

- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `false`

```html preview
<div class="wrapper">
  <vwc-icon id="arrowAnchor" type='info-line'></vwc-icon>
  <vwc-popup anchor="arrowAnchor" open arrow>
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text font-face="body-1-bold" tight><p class="line">Popup title</p></vwc-text>
        <vwc-text font-face="body-2" tight>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
</div>

```
## Alternate
Use the `alternate` attribute to set the color-scheme to dark.

- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `false`

```html preview
<div class="wrapper">
  <vwc-icon id="alternateAnchor" type='info-line'></vwc-icon>
  <vwc-popup anchor="alternateAnchor" open alternate>
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text font-face="body-1-bold" tight><p class="line">Popup title</p></vwc-text>
        <vwc-text font-face="body-2" tight>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
</div>

```
## Strategy
Use the `strategy` attribute to set the position of the popup.

- Type: `'fixed'` | `'absolute'`

> - Default: `'fixed'`

Author: https://floating-ui.com/docs/computePosition#strategy

> - Default: `'fixed'`

Reviewer: according to floating UI our default is absolute...

> - Default: `'fixed'`

Author: @rachelbt It is absolute by their default, yes. But our default is fixed.
@yinonov Why we changed the default to fixed?

## Alternate
Use the `alternate` attribute to set the color-scheme to dark.

- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `false`

```html preview
<div class="wrapper">
  <vwc-icon id="alternateAnchor" type='info-line'></vwc-icon>
  <vwc-popup anchor="alternateAnchor" open alternate>
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text font-face="body-1-bold" tight><p class="line">Popup title</p></vwc-text>
        <vwc-text font-face="body-2" tight>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
</div>

```
## Strategy
Use the `strategy` attribute to set the position of the popup.

You will want to use 'fixed' if the anchor is inside a fixed container, but the popup is not.

- Type: `'fixed'` | `'absolute'`
- Default: `'fixed'`

```html preview
<div class="wrapper">
  <vwc-icon id="strategyAnchor" type='info-line'></vwc-icon>
  <vwc-popup anchor="strategyAnchor" open strategy="absolute">
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text font-face="body-1-bold" tight><p class="line">Popup title</p></vwc-text>
        <vwc-text font-face="body-2" tight>Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
</div>

```

> ## Z-index

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Top-layer
```

# vwc-popup

Popup are used to display a message or notification to the user and are displayed on top of all other web page elements.
Popup's goal is to provide additional, helpful content. To trigger the Popup, it should be paired with an anchor (e.g., a button). 

```js
<script type='module'>
    import '@vonage/vivid/popup';
</script>
```
## Anchor

Use the `anchor` attribute to reference the ID to element in the popup’s owner document.

> Since the popup is positioned absolutely to its anchor, it is best to wrap it with a div element and set its position `relative`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The popup is positioned absolutely to its anchor.  It is recommended to wrap it with a div element and set its position `relative`.
```
Would also appreciate a short description like: "how things can go wrong" or "what adding the wrapper solves" sentence.

- Type: `string`
- Default: `''`

```js
<div class="wrapper" style="position:relative;">
  <vwc-button id="anchor"></vwc-button>
  <vwc-popup anchor="anchor"></vwc-popup>
</div>
```
## Open
Use the `open` attribute to indicate whether the popup is open.

- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `false`

```html preview
<style>
  .content {
    width: 200px;
    padding: 1rem;
	}
  .wrapper{
    width: 100%;
    height: 120px;
    display: flex;
    align-items: center;
    justify-content: center;
  }
</style>
<div class="wrapper">
  <vwc-button id="anchor1" appearance='outlined' label='Click on me!'></vwc-button>
  <vwc-popup id="popup" anchor="anchor1" open>
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text tight font-face="body-2">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
</div>
<script>
  const popup = document.getElementById("popup");
  const button = document.getElementById("anchor1");
  button.addEventListener('click', toggleOpen);
  function toggleOpen() {
	  popup.open = !popup.open;
  }
</script>
```

## Dismissible

> Use the `dismissible` attribute to add close button to the popup.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Adds a close button to the popup.
```

- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `false`

```html preview
<style>
  .content {
    width: 120px;
    padding: 1rem;
	}
  .wrapper{ 
    width: 100%;
    height: 120px;
    display: flex;
    align-items: center;
    justify-content: center;
  }
</style>
<div class="wrapper">
  <vwc-button id="anchor2" appearance='outlined' label='Click on me!'></vwc-button>
  <vwc-popup id="popup" anchor="anchor2" open dismissible>
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text tight font-face="body-2">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
</div>
<script>
  const popup = document.getElementById("popup");
  const button = document.getElementById("anchor2");
  button.addEventListener('click', toggleOpen);
  function toggleOpen() {
	  popup.open = !popup.open;
  }
</script>
```
## Arrow

> Use the `arrow` attribute to add small triangle to indicate the trigger element.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Adds a small triangle to indicate the trigger element.
```

- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `false`

```html preview
<style>
  .content {
    width: 200px;
    padding: 1rem;
	}
  .wrapper{
    width: 100%;
    height: 120px;
    display: flex;
    align-items: center;
    justify-content: center;
  }
</style>
<div class="wrapper">
  <vwc-icon id="anchor3" type='info-line'></vwc-icon>
  <vwc-popup anchor="anchor3" open arrow>
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text tight font-face="body-2">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
</div>
```
## Alternate

> Use the `alternate` attribute to set the color-scheme to dark.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sets the color-scheme to dark or light (depending on current user's system settings).
```

- Type: `boolean`
- Default: `false`

```html preview
<style>
  .content {
    width: 200px;
    padding: 1rem;
	}
  .wrapper{
    width: 100%;
    height: 120px;
    display: flex;
    align-items: center;
    justify-content: center;
  }
</style>
<div class="wrapper">
  <vwc-icon id="anchor4" type='info-line'></vwc-icon>
  <vwc-popup anchor="anchor4" open alternate>
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text tight font-face="body-2">Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua.</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
</div>
```
## Corner

> Use the `corner` attribute to set the placement of the popup.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sets the placement of the popup around the anchor.
```
Is this correct? Around the anchor?

Author: yes

- Default: `'left'`

```html preview
<style>
  .content {
    padding: 1rem;
	}
  .wrapper{
    width: 100%;
    height: 220px;
    display: flex;
    align-items: center;
    justify-content: center;
  }
</style>
<div class="wrapper">
  <vwc-button id="anchor" appearance='outlined' label='this is an anchor'></vwc-button>
  <vwc-popup id="popup" anchor="anchor" open corner="right">
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text tight font-face="body-2">right</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
  <vwc-popup id="popup" anchor="anchor" open corner="left">
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text tight font-face="body-2">left</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
  <vwc-popup id="popup" anchor="anchor" open corner="top">
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text tight font-face="body-2">top</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
  <vwc-popup id="popup" anchor="anchor" open corner="bottom">
      <div class="content">
        <vwc-text tight font-face="body-2">bottom</vwc-text>
      </div>
  </vwc-popup>
</div>
```

> ## Top-layer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Caveat
```
